add undecided unity-folder-structure ADR (#75)
Gamify-IT/docs: adr/unity-folder-structure.md

> # Unity Folder Structure and File names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Unity Folder Structure and Filenames
```

> Currently our Folder and File structure in our unity project is not consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the File and Folder structure in our unity projects is inconsistent.
```

> There are Scripts in Scenes Folders, Scenes in no folder at all, etc. Also the Filenames do not follow a same Text Case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are Scripts in Scenes Folders, Scenes in no folder at all,... Additionally, the Filenames do not follow a common naming scheme.
```

## Possible Solutions

- Change nothing
- Only put files in the correct folders, which are correctly named.
  - for example put all World Scenes into the worlds folder
  - Scripts only in the scripts folder, with subfolders which are named to display where the script belongs to

>     - also applies to all other stuff like prefabs, scenes, sprites, tiles, animations, ...

Reviewer: I think you should explicitly mention for everything where it should be put.

  - no longer needed scenes/scripts/etc. should be moved to "old" folder in the respective parent Folder.

>     - or deleted?

Reviewer: deleted.
Why should we keep outdated states?
That's what Git is for.

Author: yes because nobody said anything

Author: fixed now
